---
layout: post
title: blog 
description: '0x00 - Auditing Yourself'
permalink: /blog/0x00
tags: hello-world first-post audit
command: cat 0x00.txt
---

## Auditing Yourself  

First, a disclaimer. This blog is not in the efforts of creating valuable material for you. This is me documenting my experience as I try to find my own place in the world. But it just might happen to be entertaining for someone to follow along as I reflect on and chronicle experiences I feel are worth sharing. I do not claim to be an authority on any subject matter... yet.  

At the time of writing this, I am 20 years old and on a coach bus headed back home to New York City. This summer, I will be interning at The Vanguard Group in Malvern, Pennsylvannia for their Enterprise Security division. On the side, I will be working on my passion projects, as well as planning for my year as president of RIT's Competitive Cybersecurity Club.  

With only a 40 hour work commitment every week, I aim to spend my newfound free time to hone in on some of my other interests. Not to say that choosing security as my major was a mistake, but I may have confused what I saw as opportunity in an emerging industry for passion to work the field.  

Which would also explain how long it has taken for me to publish this first post.  

For awhile now, I have struggled to get anywhere with this blog. I would always come up with excuses for why I couldn't just start. Most times when I have sat down and tried, I just ended up procrastinating by improving the site itself. Even worse, when I did manage to push myself to write, the drafts never felt genuine, as if I had taken upon a personality that was always super excited about cybersecurity. For the past 7 hours, I have been trying to keep my mind off the uncomfortable leg room which has led us here. After enough introspection, I think I can finally say this out loud, "I am a cybersecurity student for the industry, not the job. My love is found elsewhere in business development, growth hacking, digital design, and writing." There, I said it.  

And maybe that doesn't mean much of anything to you. But it feels right to have finally come to terms with it. I have never felt completely aligned with my high-achieving peers. My true North has never involved reverse engineering malware, or penetration testing. Don't get me wrong, the different security clusters are all fun and enjoyable, but the management aspects have always been the allure.

So we're changing from the old plan. Growing Pains was going to be weekly updates on where I am improving in security. Now... well, whatever goes.

### eof
